---
layout: post
title: Unlucky
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/vOHj95940sNlsqgQMnOCJNOLNBsv8F_Z91GbLF6wiyCJX7wQ91tlNMVHhL8euTnHtNNIbbMseslS02WoaDpKKqJEoP3OzkVam53PlBnpQKTK5FXv59DM23y9DWt-AQ-t42ajqC6YtjBxEuzE9ZkmlnsPB_gmKWUgViPmXx45HWnZsXuXw-qfodAGjFGcuE4wc7o23kU_qrjWXcjaQNfSJeW5yEW7n5zs9SJyhEzla4eTLqxFvEJSW3Ky3vpF7y-OqELIGReh6I_eRkKot5SZK1x3QBDrigPGBwHXB7oy39rcbJLlbrE5Wq-r_-6felL5PPBgDJtSNO7_uUqV0qFmr1A0Zro1_fxK76gcIQG7BYqWMSQ4ksCu_jBra88oYdpv7doYOwFE76XEpmnFUgmYjgvNcQEfnQ59ZRPjisCHYIgcrRxevQMr484-QsXoDWmyuDAvIohzZFbwMuVkZ5UCiq35WzEeCWw9_SytIaral7c2mKSFuWgQyxmnNDPa7nFH6F3EDKti1kNFjgBcjxaOAc0Y7wzusMPPks4QM6BhSbnPIpU1cfIF1XvJPMgUi-iyM4ujDjPxq7dyDdx4NQckffwyH4bLYGzjv_RiskFawLWF0mXVIf8OgLcHKjeotiC3Wk-TrTWJ_USmSo4HV4y15Kpx4YauyhSX1zkkbvvu3lcDXaC0mXSsDPks3fZlXyrydMYA1V5XgFmzFt4TPxpw8pBPnpuQ8a7ZGeIsXu0sxjCWJpoJIb4ZCMQ=w844-h424-no
categories: [Short Story]
tags: [story]
---

As I wake up from my vivid dream, I hear my mother running through the house.  
Hugh?, Hugh!, she enthusiastically calls out for me.  
Hugh, I just heard from the doctor! They have approved your operation!  
She storms into my room. I hear her run towards me and I brace for her embrace.  
While she holds me in her arms, tears run down my cheek as I begin to realize that soon I will be able to see.  

Dr. Wallace explains the preliminary test results and the procedure in his usual patronizing tone,  
You see, little Hugh, the part of your brain - he rubs my head - which should let you see images works just fine.  
Even the channel that sends images from your eyes to your brain seems to be in tip-top shape.  
However, the part of your eyes which should be sensitive to light, the photoreceptors, never seems to respond.  
No need to worry, though, with a straightforward operation we can replace them with a small light-sensitive chip.  

I'm overjoyed seeing the outline of my mother for the first time, as I walk back with her to our house.  
When I get close enough to start to distinguish the features on her face, I realize something is wrong..  
I wake up. I feel and smell that I'm lying in a hospital bed.  
The doctor takes of the bandages and says: Do you see anything?  
I start to cry. I see nothing.  
I overhear parts of the conversation of the doctor with my mother.  
Mrs. Eels, I'm so sorry.. .. We have tested the chip, and there is nothing wrong with it.  
After it was implanted, light simply stopped interacting with it. We took the chip out again and it still works.  
... There is no known reason behind it ... You just have to accept ... I'm terribly sorry.  
My sobbing mother walks towards me.  
I'm so sorry, my darling son, there is nothing more they can do.  
They say you are simply the unluckiest child in the multiverse.  